It is the
appearance of a great ideal
that is the foundation of the
new civilization that is
the foundation of the new civilization
that is the foundation of the new civilization
.
there is no such thing as
fertilization, usurpation,
fertilization,
we are the
right person
This is not the case with the other things.
This is the instinct of the living being, rather than the instinct of the living being,
which is the essence of the living being.
For example, the reason for the existence of the living being,
which all living beings have instinctively,
is that when it becomes a human-like, high-level creature,
its work is complicated and it activates in two directions,
the rational and the artificial.
The society that has been moderately controlled by these two aspects
is called the harmony of peace and trust.
It is a beautiful way of life.
Rather, the situation of the cultural life of the past is
not only the law of life, but also the principle of life,
and the psychological spirit of life is abandoned.
In this
Thank you for watching!